---
title: The success of IP’s
subhed: 
author: John Hudson
author-title: Writer
featured-image: 
  path: https://images.fineartamerica.com/images/artworkimages/mediumlarge/1/books-in-black-and-white-pamela-walton.jpg
  cutline: Photograph
  credit: Fine Art America
layout: post
category: Trends
---

In this article, we will present figures on the intellectual properties (IPs) market. From those numbers, you can then form your own opinion on the success of those famous IPs. The studies at stake here have been made by the European Audiovisual Observatory, and all the following numbers are taken from here.

In Europe, adaptations represent about 10 to 14% of all the fictions projects. This number is really well established since 2015. In those 12% of adaptations, 77% are adaptations from books, 17% from TV series, and we find after these two plays, films and comics. Recently we have seen some adaptations from video games, although in Europe, video game adaptations are not really popular yet. This type of adaptation comes mainly from the US (with the adaptations of Super Mario Bros, The last of Us, etc.). These adaptations are even more rare in the series form. 

The European Audiovisual Observatory underlined that books adaptation are often adapted by the same country as the author’s one, while TV series are more often re-adapted by different countries than its original authors.

As we saw earlier, adaptation from TV series is equal to 17% of the adaptations market. In those 17% some IPs are used more than once. The first rank is occupied by the SKAM franchise, wich has been adapted in 6 different countries, with Norway being the pioneer of the franchise. Then we have BeTipul also known in France as In Therapy, from Les films du poisson. The rights of the script belong to Hagai Levi, an Israeli author, who sold his right five times to France, Italy, Portugal, etc.

The UK is the country with the most adaptations projects, thanks to its literature heritage. So if you want to adapt Shakespeare, Jane Austen or Mary Shelley, you should consider a co-production with them!

Finally, with those little numbers, we can see that adaptations are established in the European market, and it’s a sure value for your future productions!