---
title: What’s Going On With Series Lately?
subhed: 
author: John Hudson
author-title: Writer
featured-image: 
  path: https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/3d8a3743048381a9079f92689543f7e71cb29ac8/0_376_4794_2876/master/4794.jpg?width=1900&dpr=2&s=none&crop=none
  cutline: Photograph
  credit: The Guardian
layout: post
category: Trends
---

To become the best series producer out there, you really need to keep your eyes wide open and stay on top of the latest trends. The market is always changing, and knowing what works (and what doesn’t) is key if you want to stay ahead of the game. To help you out, here’s a little review of the biggest trends in the TV world right now. 

First of all, the world of series has changed a lot in the past few years. The era of “Peak TV” (when there were more shows than we could ever watch) is over. Today, there are about 25% fewer new series than in 2022, and that slowdown is likely to stay. But it is also the sign that things are more stable now, and that it’s easier to makes plan and produce.

There’s been a big shift in genres. Big-budget productions like science-fiction and fantasy are getting less popular. It’s the same for kids content: platforms like Netflix now prefer to buy existing shows instead of creating new ones for children.

But one genre is clearly stealing the spotlight: crime dramas. Viewers love them, especially when each episode focuses on a different case. It’s simple, effective, and difficult to stop binge watching it, everyone wants to know who the killer is! This huge love for crime shows has consequences on the success of documentary series, with a big success worldwide for the true crimes, particularly on streaming platforms ! The trend is so strong that Netflix sometimes produced two shows on the same story: one scripted, the other unscripted (for the Menendez brothers case, both shows having known a major worldwide success).

The consequences of this trend is so strong that even France Télévisions produced it first true crime docu-series last year on Slash: Missing: Éloi, about the mysterious disappearance of the French teenager Éloi Rolland in New-Zealand, days before the COVID-19 pandemic. And as a matter of fact, public broadcasters in Europe like France Télévisions or the BBC are now playing a bigger role. They produce almost half of all new scripted series in Europe and are more stable than commercial channels or streaming platforms, which often change directions. 

Another big sign that Europe is rising fast? Platforms like Netflix, Disney+, and Amazon are investing more and more in non-US productions, especially in Europe. Today, Europe plays just as important a role as the US in terms of volume.

Atop the list, comedies stayed the favorites public genre. It makes sense: after a long day, people just want something fun, light, and easy to watch, and the numbers have shown it. We can also see trends in this genre. In fact, we can see a lots of reboots, sequels, or adaptations of popular books, comics, or old series. Classic originals romantic dramas are less popular, but rom-coms are still the thing.

So, if you’re thinking of creating the next big hit, go for crime, comedy, or something with a little humour and maybe give a look to the European market.

Now you’ve got all the trends in hand, so you’re all set to launch the next big series !