---
title: How To Market Your Series
subhed: 
author: John Hudson
author-title: Writer
featured-image: 
  path: https://media.istockphoto.com/id/184096335/fr/photo/attention-nbsp-b-w.jpg?s=612x612&w=0&k=20&c=5SA4SuZUMRvT-9YlIzx9u28Lu60tkISWgV4dnrP9eYc=
  cutline: Photograph
  credit: iStockPhoto
layout: post
category: Production and diffusion
---

Now you have the key to finding great ideas for your series and attracting investors, with an understanding of trends. But you also need to think about how to give visibility to your series. In this article, you will find inspiration from the best marketing initiatives at the Séries Mania festival, with examples of strategies that won awards this year. The winning strategies not only gained visibility but created strong connections with audiences, showing creativity can have a real impact. We hope that you will find inspiration for better audience engagement in these marketing initiatives.

One standout campaign was for Blur, where the communication agency transformed popular student bars into replicas of the fictional bar in the show. This stunt is genius because it creates a link with the main location of the series: a bar. This choice forms a bond between the specators and the show via the marketing campaign. The communication agency kept the campaign secret at first, creating a buzz and curiosity. Students were invited to explore the concept without any prior announcement, which led to excitement before the show was officially launched on the streaming platform.

Another great campaign was for Ganska, a comedy series in Poland. The team created a temporary supermarket called Ganska, with a goose mascot and special offers from the show. The campaign used humor and everyday experiences to draw people in, making it fun and unique.

One of our favorite campaign is the social media campaign created for the series Parlement. The show is all about political manipulation in the European Parliament, but it’s presented in a hilarious way. The promotion for the latest season happened at the same time as the elections, so they came up with a clever marketing strategy: a fake election campaign.

Finally, the global campaign for House of the Dragon took things to another level. They transformed famous New York landmarks, like the Empire State Building, into spectacular displays. This helped spark a worldwide debate between fans of the show’s two main teams, “green” and “black”.

These campaigns show how creativity, collaboration, and interactive experiences can turn a series into a global event.